hello this is blue hat sniffles from
Brandon Monta chernow I'm going to be
showing you guys how to be putting on
your weight and the Carolina keeper
the Carolina keeper is basically a
replacement of the swivel and so you
don't have to tie on anything you just
need your pliers and ink your weight and
a Carolina keeper so what are you gonna
do first is put your weight so let's do
that
put on your weight so you put it on you
want a lot of wine so it's like it's
really long and then what you're gonna
do you're gonna take your pliers you're
gonna put the Carolina in a keeper in
there like this and mix and there's like
a little crevice hole and it looks like
a minus sign yeah you guys can't see it
but it's a minus sign so if it's a minus
sign it's okay and then you squeeze and
it should make a circle you can see that
right should make a circle and get your
line and pull it through and while
you're pulling it through keep keep on
squeezing it because if you stop
squeezing a little just stay in place
and then if you try to move it without
the pliers or squeezing it the line will
get kind of cut up and if you get a fish
the line will snap so so you just keep
on pulling it until wherever you want to
and you just release and it just stays
there it stays like this so you don't
have to tie a swivel so the weight
doesn't
and then you just put your hook on the
other end and you sit you can buy these
Carolina keepers at Dick's sports at a
baby Sports Authority and well hmm well
I think that's it so I'll be making a
fishing video another one pretty soon so
stay tuned bye